Yeah.
And so... Hello! How are you too?
like get to know you so tell me where did you
Where you grew up, born and raised, and how you ended up here.
Wow.
Whoa! Well, that's so interesting. What brought them to Canada?
mmh
Wow.
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay. That was interesting.
Wow.
Okay.
Right.
mmh
Wow.
So, did...
Did your families continue, like well, did they end up being like
bilingual or trilingual when they went to Canada?
Immersion.
Oh.
mmm-hmm
He just stayed there?
Oh.
Wow.
So...
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Right. Oh. Wow.
Did they like miss each other or did they work, they work at the same time?
Oh.
Okay.
And how many brothers and sisters do you have?
And you're, are you like in the middle or are you...
Okay, so you're number two? Yes.
And then you stayed there. And uh
You grew up there. When did you move? When did you move away?
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
Right.
That's so interesting. So...
Uh-huh.
Okay.